a photo here numerous autographs there
hsv newcomer johan djourou joins the
leaving the training ground
literally surrounded by small hsv
trailer for the 26 year old
defender of arsenal london
initially on loan to the HSV comes
an unfamiliar situation when through
picture inside
you do not have these problems portugals
a bit like cisco cisco is good
for the children and the family of
Presentation shortly before the autograph
Marathon stood for the Swiss
Irish roots are the first
training session in the circles of his new
teammates on the program
with the hsv who wants the last
loaned to Hannover 96 was possible
playing european soon when come
the free voters also want the
good team spirit and I want me
think the cs to annual programs
First of all, there is one
exhausting season preparation
new number five of hsv im
Training camps in Austria should be the
basics for a successful
playtime
I'm fit
for me, good preparation is good
Do not give anything for the next season
in terms of autographs wrote the
sympathetic swiss already at
his first training in hsv-dress
done and so has true with the small ones
hsv fans already have a good one
leave an impression